I saw something I was not supposed to
they gave me a choice die or become a
sparrow
in Moscow there's no program they call
them sparrows train to seduce and
manipulate that is what's just she's out
of your league you have a gift you see
through people take your life back I'll
find a way
you always one step ahead you write read
sparrow with it are
[Music]
do you remember the first time you saw a
dinosaur thank you we don't really
believe it it's like
America something's coming this is your
ex SOT right it's not that he wakes
it'll come with me you know you can't
stay here
Jurassic world the island
easy girl all of that is in the past
my dad I get kid
I want to show you the future what is
that thing they made it
you need to get us out of here yeah so
[Music]
you want to make a difference yeah trust
me you're gonna love it and which branch
are you interested in joining
I've got a big pilot best in the galaxy
your name
[Music]
not many people know what they would die
for that is gonna go make that bacon my
family is trapped 240 floors in the air
this isn't gonna end the way you wanted
to
your mission should you choose to accept
it I wonder did you ever choose not to
[Music]
the end always feared is cream and the
blood will be on your hand the fallout
of all your good intentions you had a
terrible choice to make in Berlin one
life over millions and now the world is
at risk this is the CIA's mission if he
had held on to the plutonium we wouldn't
be having this conversation this Tim
you'd be dead yes they would that's the
job
[Music]
you don't understand what you're
involved in you need to walk away
please don't make me cuts for you how
many times has hunt's governments
betrayed him disavowed him cast him
aside how long before a man like that
has had enough
even though we are
so how is he oh you know same always
there
what the hell is he doing find it best
not to hook
possible earthquake here at the Statue
of Liberty looks like you should have
left town a little bit earlier
[Music]
whatever you doing stop
so this is good
it's all been leading us
ready let's go
[Music]
[Applause]